homecoming in Raleigh as Virginia visit
NC State on an ACC Saturday that brought
sunny skies and temperatures around 60
degrees when we started this game NC
State was the favorite but it was
Virginia that brought the fight and they
dominated this performance they really
did I think that's the best way to
describe it domination by the Virginia
Cavaliers they came and played great
defense got off to a fast start and it
was all about their skill guys at the
running back spot in two quarterbacks
playing great take a look at the
highlights because it was Phillip Sims
who started the game and he got him out
of the blocks quickly well on the
opening drive scrambles out here on a
third-down play finds the pylon Emerson
does not make the hit sticks it in the
end zone Michael Rocco comes in on the
third series of downs finds Jennings for
a touchdown also Europe 14 nothing Mike
Glennon never could find his rhythm and
he was under pressure and taken links
all day yeah this Virginia defense
really got after him that hit resulted
in a safety now 16 to nothing you get
into the second half and it was a little
bit of more of what you already saw but
Phillip Sims goes over the top here to
Smith for the touchdown and the route
was on I'm sure there was a lot of
disappointment down here in
carter-finley stadium because the
Wolfpack never really showed a lot of
emotion well the two backs were
phenomenal parks 115 yards Jones 167
yards let's go down to Scott with coach
london well coach what did you see from
your your team during practices this
week that led them to play this way here
today Oh tremendous amount of heart and
I tell you what we were highly favored
today in terms of just a work ethic
coaches and the players it's a great win
against a great team I mean it's uh this
team was was due for for a good game a
breakout game a turnover game a game we
put points on the board and and just
very thankful and to have come out on
the victory on the road here defensively
you force five sacks you have the
pressure you're forced five turnovers
what was your defensive plan going in
what were you able to do to get that
much pressure well you know Glennon is a
great quarterback and you know we wanted
to make sure he got off off the spot so
to speak didn't like I'd sit there and
throw the ball put pressure on get hits
on them and so you know defensive
coaches all are
our staff did a great job a game played
in these guys and it's a tribute to them
in the players offensively to you had
quite a bit of balance throwing the ball
and on the ground as well we did and
though two quarterbacks and guys just
selfless want to get a win for the team
they did whatever it took coach thanks
so much go enjoy this part though okay
UVA gets a big win today here in Raleigh
over NC State they end a six-game losing
streak well it he said it a tribute to
Mike London a tribute to the players 33
26 the Cavaliers of Virginia over NC
State